I wish you a happy life in the East China Sea
I wish Mr. Lin Fu Ru Donghai Shoubi Nanshan
Hahaha, thank you all, hahaha.
I respect you with double eyelids
Thank you Lin Shao for taking care of him in my courtyard over the years
Thank you, no need.
I didn't take care of Mr. Qi either
Why don't you thank your parents?
Grandpa noticed our concern
Dad, I'm full.
What do you mean by that?
I have been busy with work these years.
Thanks to the book
The experience of helping me manage the affairs of my neighbors
So that I have no worries
Concentrate on management
It seems that he didn't find out, so I said
What I made is watertight.
How could he possibly find out?